mx/edu/uacm/centrocomunitario/entity/Centro.java
 mx.edu.uacm.centrocomunitario.entity.Centro
mx/edu/uacm/centrocomunitario/service/UserService.java
 mx.edu.uacm.centrocomunitario.service.UserService
mx/edu/uacm/centrocomunitario/service/PermisoService.java
 mx.edu.uacm.centrocomunitario.service.PermisoService
mx/edu/uacm/centrocomunitario/entity/Asistencia.java
 mx.edu.uacm.centrocomunitario.entity.Asistencia
mx/edu/uacm/centrocomunitario/repository/RolRepository.java
 mx.edu.uacm.centrocomunitario.repository.RolRepository
mx/edu/uacm/centrocomunitario/CentroComunitarioApplication.java
 mx.edu.uacm.centrocomunitario.CentroComunitarioApplication
mx/edu/uacm/centrocomunitario/MvcConfig.java
 mx.edu.uacm.centrocomunitario.MvcConfig
mx/edu/uacm/centrocomunitario/controller/RegistroController.java
 mx.edu.uacm.centrocomunitario.controller.RegistroController
mx/edu/uacm/centrocomunitario/entity/Permiso.java
 mx.edu.uacm.centrocomunitario.entity.Permiso
mx/edu/uacm/centrocomunitario/entity/Actividad.java
 mx.edu.uacm.centrocomunitario.entity.Actividad
mx/edu/uacm/centrocomunitario/repository/UserRepository.java
 mx.edu.uacm.centrocomunitario.repository.UserRepository
mx/edu/uacm/centrocomunitario/entity/AsistenciaId.java
 mx.edu.uacm.centrocomunitario.entity.AsistenciaId
mx/edu/uacm/centrocomunitario/entity/User.java
 mx.edu.uacm.centrocomunitario.entity.User
mx/edu/uacm/centrocomunitario/repository/PermisoRepository.java
 mx.edu.uacm.centrocomunitario.repository.PermisoRepository
mx/edu/uacm/centrocomunitario/service/impl/RolServiceImpl.java
 mx.edu.uacm.centrocomunitario.service.impl.RolServiceImpl
mx/edu/uacm/centrocomunitario/WebSecurityConfig.java
 mx.edu.uacm.centrocomunitario.WebSecurityConfig
mx/edu/uacm/centrocomunitario/entity/Rol.java
 mx.edu.uacm.centrocomunitario.entity.Rol
mx/edu/uacm/centrocomunitario/service/RolService.java
 mx.edu.uacm.centrocomunitario.service.RolService
mx/edu/uacm/centrocomunitario/controller/LoginController.java
 mx.edu.uacm.centrocomunitario.controller.LoginController
mx/edu/uacm/centrocomunitario/service/impl/PermisoServiceImpl.java
 mx.edu.uacm.centrocomunitario.service.impl.PermisoServiceImpl
mx/edu/uacm/centrocomunitario/service/impl/UserServiceImpl.java
 mx.edu.uacm.centrocomunitario.service.impl.UserServiceImpl
